Back inside of our handler.
Right after we create this charge, we're then going to take the response so we get back.
That's going to be an object that tells us some details about the charge that was created.
We're going to take the ID out of that thing and then use it to create a new payment record to get started.
At the very top of this file, I will import the payment model.
From up one directory models payment.
Then back down right after we create that charge.
Let's take a look at our documentation really quickly just to understand what comes back when we create
a charge.
Because I keep on saying, oh yeah, we get back something that represents the charge.
But again, let's just look at the docs really quick.
All right, so back on the Stripe API docs, I'm going to take a look at creating a charge and we could
see the response we get back right here.
So it's going to be this big object that has a lot of information about the charge that was created.
And very simply, you'll notice it has that ID property.
That's pretty much it.
That's what we want to store.
Once we store that ID, if we ever want to look up this charge at some point in the future, we could
use this retrieve a charge endpoint through the Stripe client.
So we would do a stripe charges, retrieve, put in the ID right there, and that would give us the
full charge object.
And so that's how we could retrieve a charge potentially at some point in time in the future if we needed
to look up any further details about it.
Okay.
So that entire big response is going to come out of this create call.
So I receive that as a variable called charge.
And then immediately after, I'll build up a new payment.
So it'll be a payment build.
I'm going to pass in the order ID as order ID.
And actually we do not have an order.
I ordered ID property.
We've got just the order ID itself which actually suits pretty well for our uses.
They'll put in just order ID.
And then our stripe ID is charged.
ID.
Then after creating the payment will do an A await payment save.
Well, that's pretty much it.
Not the worst thing in the world.
Now as usual.
It'd be fantastic to write out a real quick test around this.
So let's go back over to our route handler test file.
Here it is right here.
I think we could put together a test for this very, very quickly.
As a matter of fact, we'll just reuse the test we already put together.
So at the very top, I will import the payment model.
From up to directories.
Models payment.
I'll then go down to the most recent tests that we put together.
That is the success case won right here.
And we'll just add in an additional expectation to this thing.
So at the very bottom of the test, after we make sure that the stripe charge was actually created,
let's take a look in our payment collection and just make sure that a payment was actually created and
saved with the given stripe ID or alternatively with a given order ID.
Either one would be fine.
So I will do a payment.
Is a weight payment.
Find one.
So we'll try to find one payment saved to the payment collection.
And how about we try to find the payment with the ID equal to the stripe charges ID and the given order
ID as well?
That'll really make sure that we save the payment with all the correct details.
So I'm going to say that I want to find a payment with this.
Order ID.
And with a stripe ID of stripe charge dot id.
Once again, you'll notice we get an error right there because this thing might be undefined.
We're going to say TypeScript, don't sweat it because you're really checked for the existence of that
variable right there.
After that, we will write out an expectation.
To make sure that we actually found a payment.
Now, there is a real small gotcha here.
You'll notice that on the last step when we looked up all of our different charges, tried to find a
given charge, the actual expectation we wrote out was expect this thing to be defined.
The reason that we use the to be defined matcher was that when we use the find method right here, where
are they're going to get the record we were looking for or a value of undefined the to be defined matcher
itself checks to see that a value is not undefined specifically the value not undefined.
Now in the case of payment right here, if we are not able to find a payment with the given filters
rather than being given undefined, we get a value of null, null and undefined are two different things.
So if we expect payment to be defined, this will always evaluate successfully or truthfully.
In other words, we will not fail to matter because the payment variable is either going to be the payment
we are looking for or it will be a value of null.
And both those are going to pass this expectation because again, this thing is looking for a value
to be undefined.
So because payment is either going to be a payment or null, we need to specifically say that we expect
this thing not to be null.
So we're going to update that matcher.
And say that we expect payment not to be null like so.
Okay.
Let's now save that.
Well back over to our terminal.
And back over here.
It looks like we are good to go.
As usual, let's make this test fail.
So I will flip back over.
Let's go back over to our request handler and we'll just comment out the line where we try to actually
save the payment.
I'll comment that out.
Save the file.
And now we will expect something to come up and say, Hey, sorry what?
This value was actually null when you expected it wouldn't be.
And there we go.
It looks good.
So I'm going to uncomment that, save it again and we are all set.
All right.
So we have created the charge.
We have saved a record that relates the charge and the order together.
So now the last thing we really have to do inside of Europe, beyond responding with some more meaningful
value than what we have right here, last thing we really have to do is make sure we publish an event
to say that, well, we created a charge or we create a payment or something like that.
Let's take a pause here and build up that publisher and the event definition in the next video.